initial Try .NET tutorial work, handler binding tutorial (#535)
dotnet/command-line-api: samples/tutorial/Binding.md

# Binding

Parsing command line arguments is a means to an end. You probably don't really want to think about parsing the command line. You just want some arguments passed to a method. 

> 

Reviewer: Do we want to mention type binding here?

> In C#, that method has always looked something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In C#, the application startup that contained the arguments has always looked something like this:
```
